Adding draft for base-plus pipeline (#643)
INCATools/ontology-development-kit: CHANGELOG.md

- Adding new `make reason_test` command ([pull](https://github.com/INCATools/ontology-development-kit/pull/639), [issue](https://github.com/INCATools/ontology-development-kit/issues/645))
- Adding intermediate artefact `$(TMPDIR)/$(ONT)-preprocess.owl` to the release workflow which enable the centralisation of preprocessing in a single make step. Basically, rather than creating release artefacts directly from the editors file (e.g. bfo-edit.owl), we add intermediate step from which all releases are derived. This intermediate can then be customised by the user ([pull](https://github.com/INCATools/ontology-development-kit/pull/639), [issue](https://github.com/INCATools/ontology-development-kit/issues/544))

> - Re-defines the base from being "all axioms as edited by the ontology editors" to "all axioms and inferences as specified by the ontology editors". The new goal is much more rigorous in removing axioms from other ontologies as well. The old base file can now be exported as an  "editors release" instead ([pull](https://github.com/INCATools/ontology-development-kit/pull/643), [issue](https://github.com/INCATools/ontology-development-kit/issues/646)).

Author: ```suggestion
- Introduces an experimental new release called "base-plus", which includes the inferred and non-redundant classification of the ontology. This is highly experimental and may be removed in a future release of ODK. The new goal is much more rigorous in removing axioms from other ontologies as well. The old base file can now be exported as an  "editors release" instead ([pull](https://github.com/INCATools/ontology-development-kit/pull/643), [issue](https://github.com/INCATools/ontology-development-kit/issues/646)).
```
